Tentative BOLD Mobile App Development Plan
------------------------------------------

To be frank: As with all plans, they are subject to change / not set in stone.
This document expresses a wish where we (ie. I, Florian ;)) would like to be at some point in time.

It denotes goals on a weekly basis.
They are intentionally short/concise (we cannot avoid discussions, and I don't want to do that anyway).

August:

  - Recording.
    Save a WAV file in a structure that is: Easy to maintain, easy to synchronise,
                                            easy to put together various views (lists)
                                            of the data.
    Basic metadata: Who recorded, time & date.
    
  - Respeaking / Translating.
    Save a WAV file in a structure that is: Easy to maintain, easy to synchronise,
                                            easy to put together various views (lists)
                                            of the data.
    Save a metadata file that contains a mapping of start samples, eg. r1->o1: 1034 -> 5688. (in a better format, of course)
    
  - File Structure (for Listening).
    Look again at the current file structure and think whether listening to a single recording and all its related respeakings/translations is possible. If not, redesign. Synchronisation should still be straightforward to do.
    
  - Listening to recordings/respeakings.
    Selecting/Sorting recordings: Grouped and sorted by 1. date/time and 2. username.
    Selecting/Filtering a recording: A two step process – first select a user / date, then see a list of recordings.

September:

  - More User Details.
    Recorded Name: Use the speech triggered respeaking recorder to record the name.
    Picture: Picture can be previewed/retaken as many times as is necessary.
  
  We now have a prototype that already could (should?) be released.
  
  - Networking (WLAN with FTP)
    Synchronise files to the FTP server, first users (files + metadata), then recordings/respeakings/translations (files + metadata).
    
  - Networking, Part 2.
    Get it working with multiple phones.
  
  We now have a networked prototype.
  
  - Metadata.
    Add metadata to recordings: GPS, 
    
  - Settings / Preferences

October:
  - Tool for looking at data on memory stick / laptop with FTP server?
  - 
  - 
  - 