UI Issues =========

To discuss when we next meet to streamline the UI.


S: I think that the file selection screen should show which section of the app
we are in.  O: As for the important navigation one, perhaps the best thing is
for the user to be directed to the main screen after saving a respeaking and
translation, so that they must explicitly decide on what activity to do next.
O: The title bar can be changed to say whether the user is selecting a
recording for listening, respeaking or translating. I doubt this is
particularly useful as I don't think people will really look at it and will
still end up suffering from the same navigation issue that you did (although I
can implement the changing title bar anyway. If we decide not to, I might just
remove the title bar as it currently serves no purpose). I think it should be
designed so that it's intuitively clear what screen the user is dealing with.
S: It seems that for playing recordings, users would want to stay within the
play section. In fact, playing without doing any contribution would probably be
the dominant use of the app. Perhaps its a completely separate thing you do to
enter the area where you do recordings?

S: While recording, there should be a recording indicator on, and while pausing
a recording, the indicator should be flashing (this is what I've seen on other
recording devices) O: Some sort of flashing indicator to be more explicit when
the app is recording may be helpful, although I'm not very sure how it should
look.  S: What is the substantive difference between respeaking and
translation?  The name of the resulting file?

S: When I do a second respeaking or translation of the original, it should have
a distinct filename from the first one.  O: I'll make subsequent respeakings of
a recording have distinct names. I guess I should just add a numerical suffix
at the end of the name?  S: Let's make it like common voice recorders, and find
out what they do.  My professional recorder has a steady red light for
recording, and a flashing red light for record-pause.  It is strange to press a
record button (in respeaking and oral translation) and immediately here
playback. Do we need a different looking button, which incorporates play and
record somehow?

S: Is it a good idea to require a filename from the user after a file has been
recorded? (what if its not unique? what if the user can't operate the
keyboard?) O: I also don't think it is a good idea to require a filename from
the user. Just to be clear, the app currently doesn't need one (you can just
hit save, and then the file's UUID is used as a name when displaying it in
lists). I'm not sure how to make it more clear that the text field is optional
without complicating things unnecessarily. Maybe the save button can just be
bigger.  S: ... but a simple app should be unambiguous. What if we don't have
filenames at all? How about people labelling their work with icons somehow (to
do with the genre). Needs discussion...

S: I'd like the option of a recording that interleaves the original and the
respeaking or translation (but is this alongside the existing file, and how do
we avoid too much clutter?) O: I'll have to think about the implementation of
interleaving the original and respeaking. It should be possible for the Listen
activity to let the user choose between just playing the respeaking and
replaying it interleaved with the original. We can probably just have an
auxiliary file for the respeaking that describes which samples correspond to
each other between the original and the respeaking, and then load both
recordings into the listen activity, and then just stagger the playing of each
one.

S: I don't think we want to be able to translate translations, or respeak
respeakings, but I'm not certain (since we may want to translate a respeaking,
or possibly respeak a translation).  O: I don't see any particularly compelling
reason to restrict users from being able to translate translations or respeak
respeakings.  S: this is more an issue of the abstract model we are creating --
is there just a single pool of recordings, and each respeaking and translation
just adds a new recording? or is there a workflow and we're putting things
through a process, as happens with the SayMore software.
